docs/_help/play_perform_bingley.md, before:

---
title: Sounds In Town
slug: play_perform_bingley
image: helps5.jpg
order: 5
short-description: "Volunteers are needed for a new group that wants to give amateur
  musicians the chance to perform in a friendly supportive setting.   \n"
description: "Volunteers are needed for a new group that wants to give amateur musicians
  the chance to perform in a friendly supportive setting, with an emphasis on instruments
  that you might associate with an orchestra.  \n\nA similar opportunity can be found
  at the Bradford Music Club\n\n<h2>Pilot Event</h2>\n\nThere is a [pilot event]({%
  link sounds_in_town.md %}) at [Cullingworth Methodist Church]({% link _venues/cullingworth_methodist_church.md
  %}) on 14th May 2024\n\n<h3>Going Forward</h3>\n\nWe think that music groups could
  host each event, as part of their normal routine. i.e.on the same day/evening that
  they rehearse.\n\n<strong>The idea is to:</strong> \nProvide an appreciative sympathetic
  audience\nNot expect performances to be 'professional'\nBe a mix of musicians and
  non-performing audience\nHave a half time break so people can chat and mingle\n\nPerformers
  would maybe:\n\nBe the pupils of music teachers\nCome from along the Aire Valley\nBe
  of any standard  - we would welcome learners\n\nWe would need:\nA room with a good
  piano\n(4 - 6) People to organise the group/events\nA good MC (Master of Ceremonies)
  or host\nPeople to volunteer their help\nA regular evening(?) meeting time (7 -9?)
  and day (Monday?)\n\nSome places that might have a room and a piano:\nCottingley
  Primary\nBeckfoot school\nLittle Theatre\nChurch House (\nCullingworth Village Hall\nSt
  Aidens Church, Crossflatts\n\nOther notes\nThe Bradford Music Club is based around
  pre-booked 10 minute slots. There is a Leeds group that does a similar thing where
  auditions are required. Those in the room discussing the initial idea did not like
  the idea of auditions.\n\nThere would be a cost to rent a space. Perhaps anyone
  that attends could pay a small amount to cover the cost. Spaces seem to be available
  from £13 - £20 per hour. We have a list of meeting spaces, with some idea of costs,
  that was collated in the last year.\n\nTASKS\nFind a group of people to do the work
  on this. If you are interested, or just want to find out more, please let us know
  at info@bingleymusictown.org.uk\n\nFind places that might have a room and a piano.
  Can you check our list above, or suggest somewhere else? Can you turn this into
  a list of Pro's and Con's for each venue?\n\nFind some people that might want to
  perform. Are you interested, do you know someone who might be? Let us know and we'll
  keep a list of people and their contact details.\n\nFind some people that might
  volunteer to help at events, even though they may not want to be more involved.
  Would you volunteer at an event to setup the room, meet and greet people, organise
  a performance running order, etc\n"
permalink: "/help/play_perform_bingley.html"
layout: help_page
---

Commit message:

Updates the sounds in town help

docs/_help/play_perform_bingley.md, after:

---
title: Sounds In Town
slug: play_perform_bingley
image: helps5.jpg
order: 5
short-description: "Volunteers are needed for a new group that wants to give amateur
  musicians the chance to perform in a friendly supportive setting.   \n"
description: "Volunteers are needed for a new group that wants to give amateur musicians
  the chance to perform in a friendly supportive setting, with an emphasis on instruments
  that you might associate with an orchestra.  \n\nA similar opportunity can be found
  at the Bradford Music Club\n\nWe're calling it [Sounds In Town]({% link sounds_in_town.md
  %}).\n\n<h3>Going Forward</h3>\n\nWe think that music groups could host each event,
  as part of their normal routine. i.e.on the same day/evening that they rehearse.\n\n<strong>The
  idea is to:</strong> \nProvide an appreciative sympathetic audience\nNot expect
  performances to be 'professional'\nBe a mix of musicians and non-performing audience\nHave
  a half time break so people can chat and mingle\n\nPerformers would maybe:\n\nBe
  the pupils of music teachers\nCome from along the Aire Valley\nBe of any standard
  \ - we would welcome learners\n\nWe would need:\nA room with a good piano\n(4 -
  6) People to organise the group/events\nA good MC (Master of Ceremonies) or host\nPeople
  to volunteer their help\nA regular evening(?) meeting time (7 -9?) and day (Monday?)\n\nSome
  places that might have a room and a piano:\nCottingley Primary\nBeckfoot school\nLittle
  Theatre\nChurch House (\nCullingworth Village Hall\nSt Aidens Church, Crossflatts\n\nOther
  notes\nThe Bradford Music Club is based around pre-booked 10 minute slots. There
  is a Leeds group that does a similar thing where auditions are required. Those in
  the room discussing the initial idea did not like the idea of auditions.\n\nThere
  would be a cost to rent a space. Perhaps anyone that attends could pay a small amount
  to cover the cost. Spaces seem to be available from £13 - £20 per hour. We have
  a list of meeting spaces, with some idea of costs, that was collated in the last
  year.\n\nTASKS\nFind a group of people to do the work on this. If you are interested,
  or just want to find out more, please let us know at info@bingleymusictown.org.uk\n\nFind
  places that might have a room and a piano. Can you check our list above, or suggest
  somewhere else? Can you turn this into a list of Pro's and Con's for each venue?\n\nFind
  some people that might want to perform. Are you interested, do you know someone
  who might be? Let us know and we'll keep a list of people and their contact details.\n\nFind
  some people that might volunteer to help at events, even though they may not want
  to be more involved. Would you volunteer at an event to setup the room, meet and
  greet people, organise a performance running order, etc\n"
permalink: "/help/play_perform_bingley.html"
layout: help_page
---
