meet.md, before:

---
title: Meet
layout: page 
cover: splashes/BMTlogo_flutes.jpg #No leading slash
image-credit: Becs Leighton Music
navigation: true
---

## Upcoming Meetings
(Steering group meetings are usually on the second Wednesday of the month)

### Monday 23rd January 2023
#### Open Meeting
**10:30am - 11:30am at The Craft House. Bingley**<br/>
First exploratory meeting for people interested in music in our schools. Also suitable for anyone that wants to meet but can't make evening meetings. Please [contact us]({% link contact.md %}) to let us know you are coming.

### Wednesday 8th February 2023
#### Members Meeting
**5:30pm - 7pm at Cardigan House, Ferncliffe Road, Bingley, BD16 2TA**<br/>
This is a great chance for you to get your ideas on the table and really be part of shaping the future of music in Bingley. We want ALL of you there, every voice counts and all your ideas are needed for BMT to be truly community-led.

The event will be facilitated by Chis from Community Action Bradford And District and will help us prioritise our activities for the coming year.

If you can't get there but want to have an input, [contact us]({% link contact.md %}) with your ideas.

### Wednesday 8th March 2023
#### Steering Group Meeting
**7pm - 8pm, Bar 66, Bingley**<br/>
Steering Group meetings are about the work that needs to be done to keep the organisation going.
Members and non-members are welcome to come along to observe and to meet up.

## About Meetings

### Steering Group
{% include steering-group.md %}

### Members Meetings
{% include members-meetings.md %}

### Open Meetings
{% include open-meetings.md %}

## Agenda and Newsletter Items
 * Please get agenda and newsletter items to us one week before steering group meetings.
 * Finalised agendas will be circulated the day before meetings.
 * [Newsletters]({{ site_url }}/contact#mailing-list) go out two weeks after the meeting with a link to the meeting notes/minutes.

Commit message:

Updates the meet page now that meetings have passed

meet.md, after:

---
title: Meet
layout: page 
cover: splashes/BMTlogo_flutes.jpg #No leading slash
image-credit: Becs Leighton Music
navigation: true
---

## Upcoming Meetings

### Wednesday 8th March 2023
#### Steering Group Meeting
**7pm - 8pm, Bar 66, Bingley**<br/>
Steering Group meetings are about the work that needs to be done to keep the organisation going.
Members and non-members are welcome to come along to observe and to meet up.

## About Meetings
* Steering group meetings are usually on the second Wednesday of the month
* [Notes from our meetings](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1OFAW25umzovP2qbcFDrZuMMLmiOe6CIM) are available to members via Google Drive (you may need to request access. Also check our [Privacy Policy](({{ site_url }}/privacy#your-privacy-and-google-documents)))

### Steering Group
{% include steering-group.md %}

### Members Meetings
{% include members-meetings.md %}

### Open Meetings
{% include open-meetings.md %}

## Agenda and Newsletter Items
 * Please get agenda and newsletter items to us one week before steering group meetings.
 * Finalised agendas will be circulated the day before meetings.
 * [Newsletters]({{ site_url }}/contact#mailing-list) go out two weeks after the meeting with a link to the meeting notes/minutes.
