privacy.md, before:

---
title: Bingley Music Town Privacy Policy
layout: page 
cover: BMTlogoSplash.jpg #No leading slash
image-credit: 
navigation: true
---

This privacy policy will explain how we, Bingley Music Town, use the personal data we collect from you.

## What data do we collect?
Bingley Music Town collects the following data:
* Personal identification information          
  * Full Names          
  * email addresses         
  * phone numbers        
  * dates of birth         
  * relationships to other people (e.g. next of kin, family relationship)
  * relationships to organisations (e.g. an organisation you work for)
* Audio recordings
* Photographs
* Video recordings
* Records of permissions you grant us (e.g. to use a photograph in publicity material)
* Attendance data at activities, events, and meetings
* Our website tracks annonymous vists to the site, which cannot be linked to an individual
     
### How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Bingley Music Town with most of the data we collect.

We collect data and process data when you:

* Complete a digital or paper registration form, or a parental consent form, or a membership form.    
* Speak to us to give us information that we enter into our database.
* Attend our events and meetings.
* You are photographed, recorded, or videoed as part of our activities
* You complete other paperwork, such as evaluation forms, registration forms, etc
* Send us an text, email or other form of electronic communication


Bingley Music Town may also receive your data indirectly from organisations or individuals that refer you to our services.

### How will we use your data?
Bingley Music Town collects your data so that we can:
* Run our organisation. As a membership organisation we need to communicate with our members so they can actively participate in their organisation.
* To keep an accurate up to date register of our members. The register of members can be viewed by other members on request.
* Report to our funders on the numbers and types of people we are working with.    
* Contact you in the event of unexpected circumstances (e.g. an event is cancelled); about     opportunities you might be interested in; to update you with news about Bingley Music Town.     
* Contact someone in the event of emergency     
* Contact you to invite you to broadcast your news or views on the radio     
* (With your consent we can) use your data (e.g. photograph) on our website and marketing.

### How do we store your data?
Bingley Music Town stores your data:

On individual members computers in:
* spreadsheets
* email clients
* documents

On cloud storage servers owned by third parties, specifically:
* Google Drive
* Mail Chimp

### How long do we keep your data?
Bingley Music Town will keep your personal data for as long as you remain connected to the organisation as either a member or volunteer. 

Once we have had no contact with you for 2 years, we will delete your data by shredding paper copies and deleting digital files.

## Marketing
Bingley Music Town would like to send you information about things we are doing that we think you might like, as well as those of other opportunities that may be on offer from other organisations. 

We will not share your data with those organisations unless we have asked you explicitly for your consent.

If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.

You have the right at any time to stop Bingley Music Town from contacting you for marketing purposes.

## What are your data protection rights?
Bingley Music Town would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. 

Everyone is entitled to the following:

**The right to access** – You have the right to ask Bingley Music Town for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.

**The right to rectification** – You have the right to request that Bingley Music Town correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Bingley Music Town to complete the information you believe is incomplete.

**The right to erasure** – You have the right to request that Bingley Music Town erase your personal data, under certain conditions.

**The right to restrict processing** – You have the right to request that Bingley Music Town restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

**The right to object to processing** – You have the right to object to Bingley Music Town’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

**The right to data portability** – You have the right to request that Bingley Music Town transfers the data that we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.

Our Data Protection officer is: David Carpenter

If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us via email: info@bingleymusictown.org.uk

## Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. 

When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology

For further information, visit https://allaboutcookies.org/

### How do we use cookies?
We currently do not use cookies.

### What types of cookies do we use?
None

### How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and https://allaboutcookies.org/ tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.

## Web Analytics

We do track the use of our website, but we use a privacy respecting service, [Matamo](https://matomo.org/) hosted by a local company [Cooperative IT](https://cooperativeit.co.uk/). Our data protection officer is a company director of Cooperative IT.

We record annonymised data of visits to pages on the website, but do not connect this to individuals, or leave tracking cookies.

## Privacy policies of other websites
The Bingley Music Town website contains links to other websites. 

Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.

## Changes to our privacy policy
Bingley Music Town keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page.

## How to contact us
If you have any questions about Bingley Music Town’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Email us at: info@bingleymusictown.org.uk

## How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Bingley Music Town has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/

## About this Policy
This text is [adapted from a template](https://gdpr.eu/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/Our-Company-Privacy-Policy.pdf) from [GDPR.eu](https://gdpr.eu)

This privacy policy is version 1.0 and was last updated on 10th November 2022.

Commit message:

Updates the Privacy Policy as we go out to get out first members

privacy.md, after:

---
title: Bingley Music Town Privacy Policy
layout: page 
cover: BMTlogoSplash.jpg #No leading slash
image-credit: 
navigation: true
---

This privacy policy will explain how we, Bingley Music Town, use the personal data we collect from you.

## What data do we collect?
Bingley Music Town collects the following data:
* Personal identification information          
  * Full Names          
  * email addresses         
  * phone numbers        
  * dates of birth         
  * relationships to other people (e.g. next of kin, family relationship)
  * relationships to organisations (e.g. an organisation you work for)
* Audio recordings
* Photographs
* Video recordings
* Records of permissions you grant us (e.g. to use a photograph in publicity material)
* Attendance data at activities, events, and meetings
* Our website tracks annonymous vists to the site, which cannot be linked to an individual
     
### How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Bingley Music Town with most of the data we collect.

We collect data and process data when you:

* Complete a digital or paper registration form, or a parental consent form, or a membership form.    
* Speak to us to give us information that we enter into our database.
* Attend our events and meetings.
* You are photographed, recorded, or videoed as part of our activities
* You complete other paperwork, such as evaluation forms, registration forms, etc
* Send us an text, email or other form of electronic communication


Bingley Music Town may also receive your data indirectly from organisations or individuals that refer you to our services.

### How will we use your data?
Bingley Music Town collects your data so that we can:
* Run our organisation. As a membership organisation we need to communicate with our members so they can actively participate in their organisation.
* To keep an accurate up to date register of our members. The register of members can be viewed by other members on request.
* Report to our funders on the numbers and types of people we are working with.    
* Contact you in the event of unexpected circumstances (e.g. an event is cancelled); about     opportunities you might be interested in; to update you with news about Bingley Music Town.     
* Contact someone in the event of emergency     
* Contact you to invite you to broadcast your news or views on the radio     
* (With your consent we can) use your data (e.g. photograph) on our website and marketing.

### How do we store your data?
Bingley Music Town stores your data:

On individual members computers in:
* spreadsheets
* email clients
* documents

On cloud storage servers owned by third parties, specifically:
* Google Drive
* Mail Chimp

### How long do we keep your data?
Bingley Music Town will keep your personal data for as long as you remain connected to the organisation as either a member or volunteer. 

Once you have cancelled your membership, or if we have had no contact with you for 3 years, we will delete your data by shredding paper copies and deleting digital files.

## Marketing
Bingley Music Town would like to send you information about things we are doing that we think you might like, as well as those of other opportunities that may be on offer from other organisations. 

We will not share your data with those organisations unless we have asked you explicitly for your consent.

If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.

You have the right at any time to stop Bingley Music Town from contacting you for marketing purposes.

## What are your data protection rights?
Bingley Music Town would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. 

Everyone is entitled to the following:

**The right to access** – You have the right to ask Bingley Music Town for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.

**The right to rectification** – You have the right to request that Bingley Music Town correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Bingley Music Town to complete the information you believe is incomplete.

**The right to erasure** – You have the right to request that Bingley Music Town erase your personal data, under certain conditions.

**The right to restrict processing** – You have the right to request that Bingley Music Town restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

**The right to object to processing** – You have the right to object to Bingley Music Town’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

**The right to data portability** – You have the right to request that Bingley Music Town transfers the data that we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.

Our Data Protection officer is: David Carpenter

If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us via email: info@bingleymusictown.org.uk

## Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. 

When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology

For further information, visit https://allaboutcookies.org/

### How do we use cookies?
We currently do not use cookies.

### What types of cookies do we use?
None

### How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and https://allaboutcookies.org/ tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.

## Web Analytics

We do track the use of our website, but we use a privacy respecting service, [Matamo](https://matomo.org/) hosted by a local company [Cooperative IT](https://cooperativeit.co.uk/). Our data protection officer is a company director of Cooperative IT.

We record annonymised data of visits to pages on the website, but do not connect this to individuals, or leave tracking cookies.

## Privacy policies of other websites
The Bingley Music Town website contains links to other websites. 

Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.

## Changes to our privacy policy
Bingley Music Town keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page.

## How to contact us
If you have any questions about Bingley Music Town’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Email us at: info@bingleymusictown.org.uk

## How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Bingley Music Town has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/

## About this Policy
This text is [adapted from a template](https://gdpr.eu/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/Our-Company-Privacy-Policy.pdf) from [GDPR.eu](https://gdpr.eu)

This privacy policy is **version 1.1** and was last updated on **28th November 2022**.

## Changelog

The text on this page is tracked in a version control system.<br/> [View the full changelog](https://github.com/caprenter/bingley-music-town/blob/main/privacy.md) 

**Version 1.1 - 28th November 2022**
* Changes the length of time we retain your personal data from 2 years to 3 years before we destroy it.
* Adds this 'Changelog' section

**Version 1.0 - 10th November 2022**
* First published version
