regular-activities.md, before:

---
title: Regular Activities
layout: page 
cover: splashes/BMTlogo_piano.jpg #No leading slash
image-credit: Becs Leighton Music
navigation: true
---
Below is a list of things we think go in in Bingley each week.

Where links are available we've put them in. We appreciate that finding out more information is not always easy, but probably best to try to double check before turning up.

### Monday 
{% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'All Together Now'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }})<br>
10.00-11.30am, Bingley Methodist Church

{% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'Bradford Airedale Youth Choir'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }})<br>
An exciting group of contemporary choirs for young people aged 6-26 years, rehearsing in Bingley on Monday evenings. 

Pick up and Play Session<br>
approx 8pm, The Brown Cow, Bingley

[Voices of Yorkshire  <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.voicesofyorkshire.com/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>
8-9pm, Bradford and Bingley Rugby Club

#### First Monday of the month
[Bingley First Monday Folk <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1823602681007824){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>
7pm Rishworth Club, Crossflatts

### Tuesday
[Bingley Bellringers <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://bingleybells.chessck.co.uk/RingingPracticeTimes){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>
7:30pm All Saints Church, Bingley

#### Third Tuesday of the month
Goldies - A good old sing-a-long<br>
Songs from the 50's onwards, followed by bingo and afternoon tea. <br>
Goldies sessions are open to everyone but aim particularly to combat isolation in older adults.  The group is dementia friendly and free to all residents of Bingley.  <br>
For more information, please contact Carole on 01274 560539.

2pm - 4pm [Eldwick Church <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.eldwickchurch.org.uk){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, Eldwick

### Wednesday

{% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'Bingley Singing For Fun'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }})<br>
11:30 - 12:30, Bingley Arts Centre

Pick up and Play Session<br>
approx 8pm, Chip 'n' Ern, Bingley

Blues Night<br>
approx 7pm, [Martinez Wine Bar <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://martinez.co.uk/news-events/whats-martinez/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, Bingley

[Bingley Handbell Ringers <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.bingleyhandbells.org.uk/diary){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>
7 - 9pm, Church House, Bingley

### Thursday 
{% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'All Together Now'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }})<br>
1.30-3.00pm, Bingley Methodist Church

#### Fortnightly 
Open Mic by {% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'TSO Promotions'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }}) (from 23rd Feb 2023)<br>
7pm - 11pm at [The Peacock Bar  <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.facebook.com/peacockbarbingley/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"},  Bingley

#### Second Thursday of the month
{% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'The Shed Planners Association - BFD'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }})<br>
Open mic with full band organised by Bingley musicians<br>
8pm The Highfield, Idle 

### Sunday

#### Second Sunday of the month

[Buskers <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.facebook.com/groups/824997727607702){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} (open mic)<br>
7pm [Martinez Wine Bar <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://martinez.co.uk/news-events/whats-martinez/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, Bingley

Commit message:

Adds jam session at the flappit

regular-activities.md, after:

---
title: Regular Activities
layout: page 
cover: splashes/BMTlogo_piano.jpg #No leading slash
image-credit: Becs Leighton Music
navigation: true
---
Below is a list of things we think go in in Bingley each week.

Where links are available we've put them in. We appreciate that finding out more information is not always easy, but probably best to try to double check before turning up.

### Monday 
{% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'All Together Now'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }})<br>
10.00-11.30am, Bingley Methodist Church

{% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'Bradford Airedale Youth Choir'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }})<br>
An exciting group of contemporary choirs for young people aged 6-26 years, rehearsing in Bingley on Monday evenings. 

Pick up and Play Session<br>
approx 8pm, The Brown Cow, Bingley

[Voices of Yorkshire  <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.voicesofyorkshire.com/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>
8-9pm, Bradford and Bingley Rugby Club

#### First Monday of the month
[Bingley First Monday Folk <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1823602681007824){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>
7pm Rishworth Club, Crossflatts

### Tuesday
[Bingley Bellringers <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://bingleybells.chessck.co.uk/RingingPracticeTimes){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>
7:30pm All Saints Church, Bingley

#### Third Tuesday of the month
Goldies - A good old sing-a-long<br>
Songs from the 50's onwards, followed by bingo and afternoon tea. <br>
Goldies sessions are open to everyone but aim particularly to combat isolation in older adults.  The group is dementia friendly and free to all residents of Bingley.  <br>
For more information, please contact Carole on 01274 560539.

2pm - 4pm [Eldwick Church <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.eldwickchurch.org.uk){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, Eldwick

### Wednesday

{% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'Bingley Singing For Fun'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }})<br>
11:30 - 12:30, Bingley Arts Centre

Pick up and Play Session<br>
approx 8pm, Chip 'n' Ern, Bingley

Blues Night<br>
approx 7pm, [Martinez Wine Bar <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://martinez.co.uk/news-events/whats-martinez/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, Bingley

[Bingley Handbell Ringers <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.bingleyhandbells.org.uk/diary){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}<br>
7 - 9pm, Church House, Bingley

### Thursday 
{% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'All Together Now'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }})<br>
1.30-3.00pm, Bingley Methodist Church

#### Fortnightly 
Open Mic by {% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'TSO Promotions'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }}) (from 23rd Feb 2023)<br>
7pm - 11pm at [The Peacock Bar  <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.facebook.com/peacockbarbingley/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"},  Bingley

#### Second Thursday of the month
{% assign organisation = site.organisations 
    | where_exp:"organisation", "organisation.name == 'The Shed Planners Association - BFD'"
    | first %}
[{{ organisation.name }}]({{ organisation.url }})<br>
Open mic with full band organised by Bingley musicians<br>
8pm The Highfield, Idle 

### Satuday

#### First Saturday of the month

Jam Session - for acoustic instruments (or lightly amplified electric instruments using battery power)<br>
3pm-5pm, [The Flappit Inn](https://theflappit.com/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} (A629 Keighley to Halifax road, near Cullingworth)<br>
This is a Jam Session where somebody leads-off a song and everybody joins in ... quite a different beast to Open Mic events where songs etc are performed 

### Sunday

#### Second Sunday of the month

[Buskers <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.facebook.com/groups/824997727607702){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} (open mic)<br>
7pm [Martinez Wine Bar <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://martinez.co.uk/news-events/whats-martinez/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, Bingley
