docs/canal-2024.md, before:

---
title: Five Rise Locks 250th Anniversary
layout: page 
cover: splashes/canal-splash.jpg #No leading slash
#image-credit: Becs Leighton Music
navigation: true
---

A whole bunch of family-friendly events will be happening in Bingley on Saturday 23rd March 2024 to commemorate the 250th anniversary of Bingley Five Rise Locks and Bingley Three Rise Locks on the Leeds & Liverpool Canal.

There will be lots of things happening in the town, around the canal, and at Damart.

See the [Bingley Five Rise Locks 250-year celebration](https://canalrivertrust.org.uk/things-to-do/events/canal-events-canal-festivals/2024-03-23-bingley-five-rise-locks-250-year-celebration) on the Canal River's Trust website to book activities and to find a full programme of all the day's events.

Bingley Music Town volunteers are looking after the live music in the square, with funding for the artists and additional support coming from [Bingley Town Council](https://bingleytowncouncil.gov.uk/). The line up is below.

There are also a number of other musical events in the town on the day and those are also gathered on this page.


# Music in the Town Square

There will be music all day in the Town Square with Morris Dancing in and around the live music. You wil also find live music in pubs, and some of the shops.

The schedule of live acts in the square is below, with information about the artists further down the page.  

* 09:45 - 10:30: Nat & Mike (from Playing For Kicks)
* 10:45 - 11:30: Fiddle & Feet
* 12:00 - 12:45: Sisters of Resistance
* 13:15 - 14:00: Rum Doodle
* 14:30 - 15:15: Izak Wilkinson
* 15:15 - End: Brass Band

# Music elsewhere

## Church Bells

All Saints' Bells, Main Street, Bingley were rung 250 years ago to celebrate the opening of the 5 Rise Locks and they will be ringing again between 12.30 and 2.30pm on 23rd March 2024. Please feel free to come to the bottom of the bell tower steps if you would like to watch us ring. A small voluntary donation, from visitors, toward the upkeep of the bells would be welcome.

## Five Rise Locks

Events at the locks will open with a specially com
A brass band fanfare marks opening of the celebrations at 10am at Five Rise locks.

## Chip 'n Ern

Fiddle & Feet will probably end up in the Chip n Ern at some point in the afternoon playing  a few tunes.

## Hedgehog Organics

Liz and Chris will be performing acoustic music around 1pm.

## Five Rise Records

The Wholehearted, a three piece indie-folk band from West Yorkshire, UK will be playing live in [Five Rise Records]({% link _venues/five_rise_records.md %}).

# The Bands

## Nat & Mike 

**9:45am**<br>Nat and Mike regularly play as part of the popular local covers band [Playing For Kicks](https://playingforkicks.co.uk/). They will be performing songs you know and love acoustically from 9:45am.

## Fiddle and feet band (w Robin Shepherd)

**10:45am**<br>Fiddle 'n' Feet are an Appalachian dance group that is run from Bingley and rehearses in Shipley. We've got just the musicians today playing a mix of traditional music. You can usually find the musicians in the [Brown Cow]({% link _venues/the_brown_cow.md %}) (Monday nights) and the [Chip 'n' Ern]({% link _venues/chip_n_ern.md %}) (Wednesday nights), so if you like what you hear it's not hard to hear more!. 

## Sisters in Resistance 

**12:00 noon**<br>When Liz Lethal and Marge Hunter are not playing in Riot Grrrl band Queer of Hearts, they can be found  performing folk with the soul of rebellion and camaraderie as the Sisters in Resistance. A force to be reckoned with, they last played Bingley at the legendary Bingley First Monday Folk night, and you can catch them in the Town Square at 12:00. 

## Rum Doodle

**1:15pm**<br>[Rum Doodle]((https://www.facebook.com/rumdoodle1000)) are a folk roots acoustic duo from Leeds playing their own original songs with influences as broad as Christy Moore & The Dubliners to Bob Dylan & Neil Young. A lot of the material draws its inspiration from these Islands we live in, be it about our wonderful heritage and different languages, to growing up besides the Leeds & Liverpool Canal. You may have seen them at Bingley First Monday Folk in the past.

## Izak Wilkinson

**2:30pm**<br>[Izak Wilkinson](https://www.facebook.com/IzakWilkinson/) is an acoustic performer playing well known, well loved songs with something for everyone!

Commit message:

Updates the site after the canal event

docs/canal-2024.md, after:

---
title: Five Rise Locks 250th Anniversary
layout: page 
cover: splashes/canal-splash.jpg #No leading slash
#image-credit: Becs Leighton Music
navigation: true
---

A whole bunch of family-friendly events took place in Bingley on Saturday 23rd March 2024 to commemorate the 250th anniversary of Bingley Five Rise Locks and Bingley Three Rise Locks on the Leeds & Liverpool Canal.

Events took place in the town, around the canal, and at Damart.

The Canal River's Trust website had an event: [Bingley Five Rise Locks 250-year celebration](https://canalrivertrust.org.uk/things-to-do/events/canal-events-canal-festivals/2024-03-23-bingley-five-rise-locks-250-year-celebration) with a a full programme of all the day's events.

Bingley Music Town volunteers ran the live music in the town square. Funding for the artists and additional support came from [Bingley Town Council](https://bingleytowncouncil.gov.uk/). The line up is below.

There were also a number of other musical events in the town on the day and those are also gathered on this page.


# Music in the Town Square

The music ran all day in the Town Square with Morris Dancing in and around the live music. There was also live music in pubs, and some of the shops.

The live acts in the square was as follows, with information about the artists further down the page.  

* 09:45 - 10:30: Nat & Mike (from Playing For Kicks)
* 10:45 - 11:30: Fiddle & Feet
* 12:00 - 12:45: Sisters of Resistance
* 13:15 - 14:00: Rum Doodle
* 14:30 - 15:15: Izak Wilkinson
* 15:15 - End: Brass Band

# Music elsewhere

## Church Bells

All Saints' Bells, Main Street, Bingley were rung 250 years ago to celebrate the opening of the 5 Rise Locks and they rang again between 12.30 and 2.30pm on 23rd March 2024.

## Five Rise Locks

A brass band fanfare marked the opening of the celebrations at 10am at Five Rise locks.

## Chip 'n Ern

Fiddle & Feet will and Rum Doodle end up in the Chip n Ern in the afternoon playing a few tunes.

## Hedgehog Organics

Liz and Chris will performed acoustic music in the shop from around 1pm.

## Five Rise Records

The Wholehearted, a three piece indie-folk band from West Yorkshire, UK played live in [Five Rise Records]({% link _venues/five_rise_records.md %}).

# The Bands

## Nat & Mike 

**9:45am**<br>Nat and Mike regularly play as part of the popular local covers band [Playing For Kicks](https://playingforkicks.co.uk/). They will be performing songs you know and love acoustically from 9:45am.

## Fiddle and feet band (w Robin Shepherd)

**10:45am**<br>Fiddle 'n' Feet are an Appalachian dance group that is run from Bingley and rehearses in Shipley. We've got just the musicians today playing a mix of traditional music. You can usually find the musicians in the [Brown Cow]({% link _venues/the_brown_cow.md %}) (Monday nights) and the [Chip 'n' Ern]({% link _venues/chip_n_ern.md %}) (Wednesday nights), so if you like what you hear it's not hard to hear more!. 

## Sisters in Resistance 

**12:00 noon**<br>When Liz Lethal and Marge Hunter are not playing in Riot Grrrl band Queer of Hearts, they can be found  performing folk with the soul of rebellion and camaraderie as the Sisters in Resistance. A force to be reckoned with, they last played Bingley at the legendary Bingley First Monday Folk night, and you can catch them in the Town Square at 12:00. 

## Rum Doodle

**1:15pm**<br>[Rum Doodle]((https://www.facebook.com/rumdoodle1000)) are a folk roots acoustic duo from Leeds playing their own original songs with influences as broad as Christy Moore & The Dubliners to Bob Dylan & Neil Young. A lot of the material draws its inspiration from these Islands we live in, be it about our wonderful heritage and different languages, to growing up besides the Leeds & Liverpool Canal. You may have seen them at Bingley First Monday Folk in the past.

## Izak Wilkinson

**2:30pm**<br>[Izak Wilkinson](https://www.facebook.com/IzakWilkinson/) is an acoustic performer playing well known, well loved songs with something for everyone!
