docs/people.md, before:

---
title: People
layout: page 
cover: splashes/BMTlogo_BradfordAccordionBand.jpg #No leading slash
image-credit: Bradford Accordion Band
navigation: true
---

### Steering Group
{% include steering-group.md %}

#### Stephanie Laycock (Chair)
I am a lover of plays, musical theatre and pantomimes and have been performing with [Keighley Musical Theatre Company<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://keighleymtc.com/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} since 2005. I believe everyone should have the opportunity to enjoy and take part in music and the arts in their own town.

#### Anita Bašić
I am the founder and Musical Director of [Bradford Accordion Band (BAB)]({% link _organisations/bradford_accordion_band.md %}) who were established in 1997. My musical mission is to encourage as many people as possible to play an instrument they love, as part of a group. I have lived in the Bingley area for over 20 years and know that this Town has talent! 

#### Liz Narey
I am a local folk singer,songwriter, guitar player, and teacher. I run [Bingley First Monday Folk<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1823602681007824){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} and [Bingley Singing For Fun]({% link _organisations/bingley_singing_for_fun.md %}). I really enjoy collaborating with other musicians and instrumentalists at workshops, sessions, and one-to-one. I'm a regular at our local folk clubs - [The Topic<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](http://www.nawaller.com/topicfc/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, [Bacca Pipes<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://baccapipes.org.uk/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, and [Otley<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](http://www.otleyfolkclub.org.uk/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} and [Wetherby<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](http://wetherbyfolk.co.uk/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} Folk Clubs. I got involved with Bingley Music Town to support the team and to bring music to the attention of more people in the area.

#### Mike Wheatley 
I have been playing in [Playing For Kicks]({% link _organisations/playing_for_kicks.md %}) covers band since 2010 and also organise a monthly [Open Mic]({% link _organisations/the_shed_planners_association_-_bfd.md %}) night. I’ve lived in Bingley for 16 years. I want more people to know about all the great music that’s already happening, and encourage more music events in our town.

<!--#### Becs Leighton (Secretary)
I teach piano, flute and music theory at [Becs Leighton<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.becsleightonmusic.com/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} and I co-founded [Bradford and Airedale Youth Choir]({% link _organisations/bradford_airedale_youth_choir.md %}). I am passionate about creating local opportunities in music for young people, because these experiences change futures.  -->

#### David Carpenter (Treasurer and acting Secretary)
I have a background in community work and technology. I make music and sounds as [The Argent Grub<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://theargentgrub.co.uk/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, and I've lived in Bingley for over 20 years. My interest in the music town is geared towards anything that helps people make music for themselves.

Commit message:

Adds Patrick and fixes up some paths to images

docs/people.md, after:

---
title: People
layout: page 
cover: splashes/BMTlogo_BradfordAccordionBand.jpg #No leading slash
image-credit: Bradford Accordion Band
navigation: true
---

### Steering Group
{% include steering-group.md %}

#### Stephanie Laycock (Chair)
I am a lover of plays, musical theatre and pantomimes and have been performing with [Keighley Musical Theatre Company<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://keighleymtc.com/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} since 2005. I believe everyone should have the opportunity to enjoy and take part in music and the arts in their own town.

#### Anita Bašić
I am the founder and Musical Director of [Bradford Accordion Band (BAB)]({% link _organisations/bradford_accordion_band.md %}) who were established in 1997. My musical mission is to encourage as many people as possible to play an instrument they love, as part of a group. I have lived in the Bingley area for over 20 years and know that this Town has talent! 

#### Liz Narey
I am a local folk singer,songwriter, guitar player, and teacher. I run [Bingley First Monday Folk<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1823602681007824){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} and [Bingley Singing For Fun]({% link _organisations/bingley_singing_for_fun.md %}). I really enjoy collaborating with other musicians and instrumentalists at workshops, sessions, and one-to-one. I'm a regular at our local folk clubs - [The Topic<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](http://www.nawaller.com/topicfc/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, [Bacca Pipes<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://baccapipes.org.uk/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, and [Otley<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](http://www.otleyfolkclub.org.uk/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} and [Wetherby<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](http://wetherbyfolk.co.uk/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} Folk Clubs. I got involved with Bingley Music Town to support the team and to bring music to the attention of more people in the area.

#### Mike Wheatley 
I have been playing in [Playing For Kicks]({% link _organisations/playing_for_kicks.md %}) covers band since 2010 and also organise a monthly [Open Mic]({% link _organisations/the_shed_planners_association_-_bfd.md %}) night. I’ve lived in Bingley for 16 years. I want more people to know about all the great music that’s already happening, and encourage more music events in our town.

#### Patrick Grey
I have been living in Bingley for 25 years and have played piano and flute over that time. I enjoy all genres of music and playing with other people. Because of Bingley Music Town I have helped out at First Monday Folk, Make Music Days, and started to play flute with the Bingley Ukulele Group and at the Chip 'n' Ern. Music has helped me throughout my life and I want to promote it in Bingley in any way I can.

<!--#### Becs Leighton (Secretary)
I teach piano, flute and music theory at [Becs Leighton<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://www.becsleightonmusic.com/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"} and I co-founded [Bradford and Airedale Youth Choir]({% link _organisations/bradford_airedale_youth_choir.md %}). I am passionate about creating local opportunities in music for young people, because these experiences change futures.  -->

#### David Carpenter (Treasurer and acting Secretary)
I have a background in community work and technology. I make music and sounds as [The Argent Grub<i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>](https://theargentgrub.co.uk/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}, and I've lived in Bingley for over 20 years. My interest in the music town is geared towards anything that helps people make music for themselves.
